Silence Suzuka has made
a miraculous return!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
It's time.
Got it.
Let's go.
Broye Press Conference
Do you have any comments on
Silence Suzuka's comeback race?
It was pretty exciting.
What is your goal for tomorrow's Japan Cup?
I want to prove that I'm faster
than anyone else out there.
I'm going to make that race
more exciting than Suzuka's.
It seems Special Week is
doing pretty well lately.
Are you worried?
Not at all. I will win.
That's all there is to it.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 12
Stage of Dreams
Let's see… Where's the racetrack?
You there.
The Tokyo Racecourse
is the next station over.
What?
You can take this street straight there.
It's a bit far.
It's okay.
My daughter is running today,
so I'll run, too.
Wait, hold on…
Plus, I love running!
I've seen this happen before.
Europe's Strongest Horse Girl!!
Broye
They're all talking about Broye.
The Winner of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
Is Spe still sleeping?
Yeah.
I can't eat another bite…
I want Spe-senpai to win.
I guess we can agree sometimes.
It's the International
Invitational Japan Cup,
where foreign horse girls get
a chance to race, too.
We have an unprecedented
assortment of talent in this race.
The most prominent of which
is the French champion,
Broye.
She's fast.
Is she really just warming up?
I bet Broye's winning today.
No, I want Special Week to win.
I'm hoping for a miracle.
A miracle?
Well, Suzuka won that race yesterday.
That was basically a miracle.
You won't see that two days in a row.
Hey, you!
You know, my daughter
is totally going to win!
I, uh…
Are you Spe-chan's mom?
S-Silence…
…Suzuka?
Sorry, we're a bit late.
Oh, this is…
Hello there.
My name is Silence Suzuka.
I-It's the real…
Huh?
I'm Special Week's mom!
Thank you for always taking
care of my daughter.
Trainer-san, thank you
for having me here today.
Well, this was the most I
could do to help out today.
She's sent me all kinds of letters
talking about how cool you are, Suzuka-san.
That's kind of embarrassing.
But lately, she says
she wants to run with you.
She wants to get strong.
When I got hurt, Spe-chan promised
me that I would run again.
I was running to make
my own dreams come true,
but right now, my promise with
Spe-chan is part of my dream.
That's why I was able to
win that race yesterday.
I guess she's grown.
Yeah.
Well…
Can she win today's race?
She can.
Huh?
Spe-chan doesn't break her promises.
You're right.
Now, we're almost at Spe's waiting room.
I, uh…
Hmm?
I'm sure she's nervous.
Special Week
You're too worried about this.
Yeah.
Can you hear anything?
No, nothing.
I wonder if she's sleeping.
Everyone's here!
Urara!
What are you guys doing here?
I brought souvenirs.
Katsuo Flakes
Katsuo-ya Honpo
You're being too loud!
You're too loud yourself!
Hey!
Maruzensky-senpai…
You wouldn't want to be distracted
before your race, either, would you?
Now leave.
What's wrong?
We wanted to tell Spe-chan
we want her to win.
But we don't want to
put her under more pressure.
It's fine!
It's important to cheer someone
on to help them get stronger.
That's right.
All right.
Huh?
Spe-chan!
We came to cheer you on.
Yeah.
Yeah, thanks!
I'll cheer you on as loud as I can.
Me, too!
Right!
Oh, yeah! How do you say,
"Let's have a good race," in French, El?
A good race?
Oh, I happen to know!
That's how!
Thank you, El-chan!
Anyway, I'll be going!
See you…
I remember the day when
she first transferred in.
Yeah.
I wonder if she'll be okay.
She beat me.
She better not lose.
It's nice to have colleagues.
Broye's so cool.
She's running against us, you know.
Yeah, but I honestly think
this'll be fun to watch.
Part of me really wants to see Broye run.
I guess we're just in sync today.
I showed Spe-chan's mom to her seat.
She decided not to see
Spe after all, huh?
Yeah.
Suzuka, watch closely.
They're cheering so much
for her instead of me.
I wanted to race against her, too.
Me, too.
I want to test her strength.
Everyone's expecting a lot from her.
Spe-chan!
I want her to win for
us Japanese horse girls.
Sometimes, people lose unexpectedly…
"Eclipse first, the rest nowhere."
You're going to have to push yourself.
I want to be the top horse girl in Japan!
If she wins this, she might be
able to call herself that.
Everyone, watch this closely.
Right!
I want Spe-chan to win.
Yeah, but watching this… I really feel
like I want to be up there with them.
And you will, someday. After me.
I'll be first!
What are you fighting about?!
We're going to send her our energy.
What?!
Win, win!
Does that really work?
Right, Suzuka?
Win…
Energy
What?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Special Week is entering the track!
Spe-chan!
Spe-senpai!
Be strong!
Spe-chan!
You can do it!
I'm getting nervous!
Me, too.
Spe…
Don't get hurt out there.
Spe-chan!
Everyone!
Yo!
Has the plan changed at all?
Plans are the last thing
you need to worry about now.
That's true.
I…
I've selfishly placed my dreams in you.
I want you to beat Broye in a race that would
let you call yourself the best in Japan.
Spe, please make my dream come true.
Right!
I'm going to win!
Broye has stepped onto the turf.
Those are some deafening shouts.
Spe…
Have fun.
Right.
I'll be back.
All of the horse girls running in the
Japan Cup have made their way out.
Broye's presence out there is staggering.
Yes, she's practically undefeated.
She beat El Condor Pasa in the
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
What makes Broye so strong?
Her strength is in her
incredible racing intuition.
She handles her early, middle,
and late game perfectly.
We hope Special Week does
great out there, too.
Broye-san…
Bonjour.
Hello, dear.
I was just greeting you.
Well…
I think this is how you say,
"Let's have a good race."
Don't get too cocky!
Nice to meet you.
What?
Glad to meet you.
Don't get too cocky!
What?
Doesn't Broye-san look
even more intimidating?
What did you tell Spe-chan to say?
That's a secret.
The promise with my mom…
I'm going to keep my promise.
I'm going to be the best horse girl in Japan.
They've entered the gates.
The Japan Cup is finally going to start!
We'll crush you!
The gates have opened!
Both Special Week and Broye are in the rear!
Did Broye start late?
No, she's feeling Spe out.
You can do it, Spe-chan!
Go!
She's after Spe-chan?
It's the same as when she followed me.
The horse girls are making the first turn.
…She told us not to get cocky?
Guess she just has a big mouth.
They've passed the 1,000
meter mark in a minute.
That's an average pace.
Who's going to make their move?
Special Week, the representative
for Japan, is following,
and behind her, Broye.
Sorry, but I know exactly how you operate.
How are you going to make your move?
Special Week and Broye are
still following up the rear.
She's moved up!
She made her move.
Special Week has moved up!
Within expectations.
Broye has started moving up from behind, too!
Oh, my god!
They've passed the great zelkova tree
and are speeding up even further!
She made her move early… Now's my chance!
You can do it, Spe-senpai!
Let her have it!
This is a nice development.
Is it possible she…
Yeah. She can do it.
Go! Go!
It's just the two of you!
They've passed the third corner
and are onto the fourth.
Special Week is gaining
from the outside, but…
Broye is gaining from even further out!
I'm going to shatter your will!
I'm not gaining…
This girl…!
I'm finishing this!
They're passing the fourth corner!
Spe!
They've entered the last stretch!
Special Week's not falling behind!
She's still gaining!
I'm not losing this…
I'm going to win!
Special Week has taken the lead!
You can do it, Spe-chan!
Just a bit further!
Go!
Go.
You can do it, Spe!
Go!
Can Broye catch up to Special Week?
Spe-chan!
Special Week! Special Week!
It's Special Week!
It's her!
Japan's representative,
Special Week, has won!
Yes!
Special Week has won!
Special Week!
I won?
This was your win.
Broye-san…
Thank you.
I give this victory to you.
But I'll be winning again soon.
I…
"Don't get too cocky"?
Right!
Are you watching?
That's our horse girl, the best in Japan.
She came in first,
carrying everyone's dreams with her.
She's pretty impressive.
Special Week-san, how do you feel?
Well, I…
I'm very happy. Thank you.
Some things about her
just don't change.
Now that you've won the Japan Cup,
what would you like to do next?
Next…
Well…
I want to be a horse girl who can continue
to make everyone's dreams come true,
and I want to give the people
who cheered me on dreams, too.
That's the type of horse girl I want to be!
Her ability to carry those dreams
must be what gives her power.
To carry everyone's dreams.
Now it's my turn to make
your dream come true.
Sometime later…
It's time to announce the horse girls
running in the Winter Dream Trophy.
Silence Suzuka, whose legs
move at the speed of sound.
Tokyo EX
Winter Dream Trophy
1-1: Silence Suzuka
1-2: Mejiro McQueen
2-3: Hishi Amazon
2-4: Tokai Teio
3-5: Vodka
3-6: Maruzensky
The Ruler of Long Distance, Mejiro McQueen.
The Amazon, Hishi Amazon is Bracket 2, #3.
Will we be able to see the beautiful
Teio Step? Tokai Teio is Bracket 2, #4.
Vodka has won the Japan Cup
and she's Bracket 3, #5.
Maruzensky is Bracket 3, #6.
Grass Wonder is Bracket 4, #7.
She's a superstar in reality and reputation:
Oguri Cap is Bracket 4, #8.
4-7: Grass Wonder
4-8: Oguri Cap
5-9: Fuji Kiseki
5-10: Symboli Rudolf
6-11: El Condor Pasa
6-12: T.M. Opera O
The Legendary Triple Crown Horse Girl,
Fuji Kiseki, is Bracket 5, #9.
The Emperor, Symboli Rudolf,
is Bracket 5, #10.
El Condor Pasa is Bracket 6, #11.
Tied for most G-I wins is T.M.
Opera O, coming in Bracket 6, #12.
7-13: Special Week
7-14: Gold Ship
7-15: Air Groove
8-16: Biwa Hayahide
8-17: Narita Brian
8-18: Daiwa Scarlet
Special Week is Bracket 7, #13.
Coming in Bracket 7, #14 is Gold Ship, whose
legs get super fast near the finish line.
The Empress, Air Groove,
is in Bracket 7, #15.
Biwa Hayahide and Narita Brian!
The two sisters will battle it out…
Daiwa Scarlet has won the Oukashou
and will be #18 on the far outside.
Only one girl can take all the glory…
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm